hey youtubers welcome to blue collection
today I'm going to show you a finish
line friends again
or you can smash your way into the
winner's circle comes with one exclusive
car the silver lucky McQueen here's
everything that comes in this box one
car the game a heavy duty cardboard cars
tube banner and instructions in English
and Spanish
this Lightning McQueen is a 1:55 scale
of diecast original from Mattel all
custom painted with fantastic silver
details on the sides and roof top this
McQueen's from course shoe and has the
new Hudson Hornet Piston Cup logo on the
hood and plastic tires with silver rims
this playset is very basic made of
plastic no stickers anywhere and all you
have to do is slide the heavy-duty
cardboard banner on top that's it
and to play if this game is really
simple just take turns pushing your car
across the finish line and whoever flips
more trophies when since we have four
trophies we're going to use four cars
one point two points three points and
nothing and blechy is going to use four
different cars 1.2.3.4 points
this game is really easy you can use
just one car or up to eight cars alright
guys thanks for watching this video and
click on these four links to see other
cool playsets and tracks from course you
thanks again and see you next time